STUDENT ANSWERS:

Question: Q1
Sub-Question: Q1.1
Answer: We mean that the JAVA is not restricted by a specific system architecture.

Sub-Question: Q1.2
Answer: They introduced Applets which extend the functionality of the web, and also servlet that extended functionality of the server.

Sub-Question: Q1.3
Answer: The OOP treats the code lines as instructions and emphasizes on the procedure, on the other hand OOP encapsulate the code and data is manipulates and emphasized on data.

Sub-Question: Q1.4
Answer: JRE or JAVA Runtime Environment consists of library and JVM to Run the code.

Sub-Question: Q1.5
Answer: Inheritance: new classes inherits the attributes and methods of older classes. Polymorphism: Allow one interface to be used for general use case, Inheritance keep the old classes methods while polymorphism might alter them.

Sub-Question: Q1.6
Answer: Encapsulations is the mechanism that binds the code and data is manipulates, and Keep them safe from outside interference and misuse.

Sub-Question: Q1.7
Answer: Class abstracts and interfaces.

Sub-Question: Q1.8
Answer: 1) finished and completed the task normally. 2) terminated due to unusual events. 3) Stopped due to runtime error.

Sub-Question: Q1.9
Answer: System.In System.out System.err

Sub-Question: Q1.10
Answer: JAVA swing was built on top of AWT


Question: Q2
Sub-Question: Q2.1
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.2
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.3
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.4
Answer: False, it is achieved by Overriding

Sub-Question: Q2.5
Answer: False, that would lead to the diamond problem, which causes the class to exted extend till [UNK] errors out

Sub-Question: Q2.6
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.7
Answer: False each source has its own implementations for JDBC driver - True


Question: Q3
Sub-Question: Q3.1
Answer: Enhancement is one of the reason that computer language innovation occurred

Sub-Question: Q3.2
Answer: C is an example of a POP language

Sub-Question: Q3.3
Answer: POP does not allow [UNK] flow freely in the Program

Sub-Question: Q3.4
Answer: Applets are small programs that need a Java enabled web browser to be executed

Sub-Question: Q3.5
Answer: a frame is a component which can contain other elements like buttons

Sub-Question: Q3.6
Answer: The model-view controller (MVC) architecture is used in Swing.

Sub-Question: Q3.7
Answer: JDBC is a Java API to connect and interact with databases


Question: Q4
Sub-Question: Q4.1
Answer: [NO_ANSWER]

Sub-Question: Q4.2
Answer: We added the missing statemented and printed it on a new line - System.out.println("the amount of people who agrees with this") statement is System.out.println("Statement. if Java was easy they would call it Python!")