STUDENT ANSWERS:

Question: Q1
Sub-Question: Q1.1
Answer: It means that Java does not reject working on specific architectural devices. So, it can work in any architectural environment or device.

Sub-Question: Q1.2
Answer: It derived to the innovation of more programming languages like C++ which was invented after C with more features. So the programming revolution was fixing and meeting some of the world wide web and internet needs.

Sub-Question: Q1.3
Answer: POP has procedures that operates on data to achieve the program goal. While OOP uses classes and objects that encapsulate code and data.

Sub-Question: Q1.4
Answer: JRE is the Java run time environment which offers and environment to run the program. It contains the JVM (Java Virtual machine which works as a runtime engine to run Java applications and also known as an interpreter.

Sub-Question: Q1.5
Answer: Inheritance is the Mechanism that allows a class to acquire properties from of another class that already existed. Polymorphism is the mechanism that allows one interface to work for general class of actions.

Sub-Question: Q1.6
Answer: Encapsulation is the mechanism that binds both code and data it manipulates and keeps them safe and secure.

Sub-Question: Q1.7
Answer: Two ways to achieve abstractions:
① Class abstract
② Interfaces abstract.

Sub-Question: Q1.8
Answer: A thread could be terminated due:
① IF it completedits task completely.
② Stopped because of unusual events.
③ lost Turned off and stopped

Sub-Question: Q1.9
Answer: Three default streams in Java:
① System.i
② System.o
③ System.err

Sub-Question: Q1.10
Answer: JDBC to connect and interact with database.


Question: Q2
Sub-Question: Q2.1
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.2
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.3
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.4
Answer: False
Runtime polymorphism could not be achieved by method overloading

Sub-Question: Q2.5
Answer: False
Abstracts could not have non abstracts method within them

Sub-Question: Q2.6
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.7
Answer: True


Question: Q3
Sub-Question: Q3.1
Answer: Improvement

Sub-Question: Q3.2
Answer: C programming language.

Sub-Question: Q3.3
Answer: data.

Sub-Question: Q3.4
Answer: Applet

Sub-Question: Q3.5
Answer: Container

Sub-Question: Q3.6
Answer: Controller

Sub-Question: Q3.7
Answer: JDBC


Question: Q4
Sub-Question: Q4.1
Answer: Student [i] + "You will take seat" + (i)
According to the out put:-
Each student will take a seat with an index equals to the index
written above.
Student M was in index O and took seat O
Student C was in index 1 and took seat 1
Student G was in index 2 and took seat 2
Student P was in index 3 and took seat 3
Student D was in index 4 and took seat 4
.. The missing is:
Student [i] + "you will take seat" + (i)

Sub-Question: Q4.2
Answer: The code above contains 760 votes from people.
The code will print the statement:-
① Statement "If Java was easy, they would call it python!"
② The number of people agreeing with this statement
It will Calculate the number of people agreeing by multiplying
the total number of them by 15%.
= 760 x 0.15 = 114
∴ will print: "The number of people who agree with the
Statement is 114.
The missing code is:
private String totalVotes
private String totalVotes