STUDENT ANSWERS:

Question: Q1
Sub-Question: Q1.1
Answer: Java is not tied to specific machine or operating System architecture.

Sub-Question: Q1.2
Answer: They help catapult Java to the forefront of programming, and They will soon reach critical mass.

Sub-Question: Q1.3
Answer: POP: Process oriented model can be thought as code acting on data & its major emphasize is on developing Procedures (Function) rather than data & can divide program into smaller part & each part consist of sequence of procedures & function. While OOP: object oriented programming can be thought as data controlling access to code, it uses class & methods to manipulate data & code, it can divide problems into smaller entities called "object" & build function and data around these objects.

Sub-Question: Q1.4
Answer: JRE: is Java runtime environment to only run (execute) not develop the Java application Program.

Sub-Question: Q1.5
Answer: Inheritance is a process in which one object acquire the properties of other objects (creating new class based on already existing one. Subclass reuse all method & attributes of super class. While polymorphism is a feature that allow one interface to be used for general class of action, and specific action is determined based on nature of the situation.

Sub-Question: Q1.6
Answer: encapsulation mean bind together data & code it manipulate & keep both safe from outside interference & misuse.

Sub-Question: Q1.7
Answer: achieve abstraction by : abstract classes & Interface (we can achieve 100% abstraction using interface-

Sub-Question: Q1.8
Answer: reasons are : normally finished the task . 2- Terminated due to un usual event . 3- Dead & no longer available.

Sub-Question: Q1.9
Answer: 1-System.out 2-System.in 3.system.err

Sub-Question: Q1.10
Answer: model view controller AWT


Question: Q2
Sub-Question: Q2.1
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.2
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.3
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.4
Answer: False

Sub-Question: Q2.5
Answer: False

Sub-Question: Q2.6
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.7
Answer: True


Question: Q3
Sub-Question: Q3.1
Answer: adapt to changing environment and uses is one of reasons.

Sub-Question: Q3.2
Answer: C is an example of a POP language.

Sub-Question: Q3.3
Answer: POP does not allow data

Sub-Question: Q3.4
Answer: Applet are small programs

Sub-Question: Q3.5
Answer: a From container is a component which

Sub-Question: Q3.6
Answer: The model view controlled architecture.

Sub-Question: Q3.7
Answer: JDBC is a Java API


Question: Q4
Sub-Question: Q4.1
Answer: Code = (Students E I ] + "You will take seat" + (i))

Sub-Question: Q4.2
Answer: Code = Calculate Votes (total votes);