STUDENT ANSWERS:

Question: Q1
Sub-Question: Q1.1
Answer: We mean by that is Java is not restricted to certain type of a computer architecture.

Sub-Question: Q1.2
Answer: The World Wide Web and internet participate in the programming revolution because the users mass for reaching of them led to development & the (Java) to connect between different platforms.

Sub-Question: Q1.3
Answer: The main difference is that procedure oriented programming (pop) uses the process (code) as a core, while object oriented programming uses the object (data) as core which binds the code and the data.

Sub-Question: Q1.4
Answer: The components of the JRE are getter, classes, interfaces, etc.

Sub-Question: Q1.5
Answer: The inheritance the creating of new class on top of existing one which can uses its methods and fields, while polymorphism allow the multithreading of programs.

Sub-Question: Q1.6
Answer: We mean by encapsulation is binding the data and the code together and restrict the accesses to it, only if its allowed.

Sub-Question: Q1.7
Answer: The two ways to achieve abstraction is by default like interface or by defining the abstraction itself.

Sub-Question: Q1.8
Answer: A thread could by terminated due to: 1- achieving its normal task 2- due to unusual event. 3- dead and no longer available.

Sub-Question: Q1.9
Answer: The three default streams are: 1- system.out (output stream) 2- system.in (input stream) 3- system.err (error stream)

Sub-Question: Q1.10
Answer: The API Javaswing was built on top of AWT (application windows)


Question: Q2
Sub-Question: Q2.1
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.2
Answer: False

Sub-Question: Q2.3
Answer: False

Sub-Question: Q2.4
Answer: False

Sub-Question: Q2.5
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.6
Answer: True

Sub-Question: Q2.7
Answer: False


Question: Q3
Sub-Question: Q3.1
Answer: To deal with even environmental changes is one of the reasons that computer language innovation occurred.

Sub-Question: Q3.2
Answer: C is an example of a POP Language.

Sub-Question: Q3.3
Answer: POP does not allow data to flow freely in the program.

Sub-Question: Q3.4
Answer: JDK → JRE, JVM are small programs that need a java enabled webbrowser to be executed.

Sub-Question: Q3.5
Answer: a container (frame) is a component which can contain other elements like buttons.

Sub-Question: Q3.6
Answer: The model-view-controller architecture is used in Swing.

Sub-Question: Q3.7
Answer: JDBC is a java API to connect and interact with databases.


Question: Q4
Sub-Question: Q4.1
Answer: student s[i]. " you will take seat" "student length -it)" Oh:- student [i]. you will take seat', i * for the student [i] (for example) will have the seat * (i-1) => [UNK] will be seated up to and G = 2 For seat student[i] when i=0 the seat will be 0 i = 1 i = 4 the seat will be 4

Sub-Question: Q4.2
Answer: Private String U: